_i18n/en/conferences/2016/registration.md, before:

<h3>Information</h3>

To finalize your registration, you have to transfer the whole amount of the calculated registration fee. We would like to inform you, that the amount that you see at the end of your online registration **does not include accommodation fee**. You can settle your accommodation costs by personal registration at the Conference.

We require your registration fee amount to be transferred to the following account: <span class="emph">12001008-01177336-00100001</span> (**ASi Magyarország**). At the memo, please add the name of the registered participant(s), and please also add „**FJK támogatás**”.

**Early bird registration ends on 24th December, 2015!** The amount of the discount is 3000 Ft, you can validate it if you include accommodation booking in your registration. This amount will be deducted from the accommodation fee. The additional requirement of the discount is to fill in the booking form until the end of the Early bird registration. Please send the filled document along with your transfer receipt to <a href="mailto:reg@fjk.hu">reg@fjk.hu</a>.

If you have any other question or request, please feel free to contact us via e-mail at <a href="mailto:info@fjk.hu">info@fjk.hu</a>.

Commit message:

Fix hoody size table, add animation while waiting for server, add IBAN+Swift code

_i18n/en/conferences/2016/registration.md, after:

<h3>Information</h3>

To finalize your registration, you have to transfer the whole amount of the calculated registration fee. We would like to inform you, that the amount that you see at the end of your online registration **does not include accommodation fee**. You can settle your accommodation costs by personal registration at the Conference.

We require your registration fee amount to be transferred to the following account: <span class="emph">12001008-01177336-00100001</span> (**ASi Magyarország**). At the memo, please add the name of the registered participant(s), and please also add „**FJK támogatás**”. For not domestic transfer, please use the followings: IBAN: HU19 1200 1008 0117 7336 0010 0001, Swift code: UBRTHUHB.

**Early bird registration ends on 24th December, 2015!** The amount of the discount is 3000 Ft, you can validate it if you include accommodation booking in your registration. This amount will be deducted from the accommodation fee. The additional requirement of the discount is to fill in the booking form until the end of the Early bird registration. Please send the filled document along with your transfer receipt to <a href="mailto:reg@fjk.hu">reg@fjk.hu</a>.

If you have any other question or request, please feel free to contact us via e-mail at <a href="mailto:info@fjk.hu">info@fjk.hu</a>.
